SENTINEL Haunted House README
-----------------------------

Welcome to a thrill-packed game of mystery and adventure!
Haunted House is a simple interactive text adventure horror game for the
reZet80 SENTINEL.
It was first published in 1979 for the TRS-80 on cassette tape.
I have completely rewritten the game in Assembler and have implemented some
simplifications to save ROM space.
And I have also made changes to adapt to the 16-character display.

Objectives of the game:
- Solve the mysteries of the house
- Survive the hidden dangers
- Find and explore secret rooms
- Search for the only escape to get out of the house alive

To start the game enter "HH" at the prompt and press ENTER.
The display reads "HAUNTED HOUSE". Press any key to begin.

The game is easy to play: Use "N", "S", "E" and "W" to walk around.
Type "I" to view your inventory.
To find out where you are type "L" (look).
Otherwise, issue simple commands (verb and noun).
So to open a door enter "OPEN DOOR" or just "O D".
The descriptive text is short and the dictionary is very limited.
The exits are not described so if moving in any direction brings you back
to the same location that direction is not available.
Items are automatically dropped after you use them.
If you die, the game ends.
There is no time limit and no score.
And don't bother about treasures, there are none to find.
Please feel encouraged to draw a map of the house for yourself.
Now travel back to the late 70s!
Press ESC at any time to quit the game.

Because only 16 characters can be displayed at the same time sentences have
to be split on several lines.
Keep pressing any key until the sentence is finished and you see the prompt.

From the original game:
Haunted House
Generations have passed since the McDaniel family mysteriously disappeared.
It is said that a stranger came to visit on that cold, autumn day many years
ago, but no one knows for sure.
Their house has been vacant for decades now. Its two story image is forlorn
and looming, visible only from the narrow, winding road that has been
distorted by vegetation from the surrounding forest. The stone wall that
encompasses the house is discolored and broken from years of neglect, its
iron gate rusty and worn by angry seasons. The windows are boarded - the
house is quiet and contented, not accustomed to visitors. The wind is
restless today, blowing fallen leaves in all directions. As you walk towards
the entrance of the house, the wind grows distant and weak. Suddenly, the
calm and silence is broken by sounds from within the house!
Do you have the courage to enter?

-------------------------
last modified: 2025-01-18
(c) copyright 2016-2025 Adrian H. Hilgarth (all rights reserved)
reZet80 - Z80-based retrocomputing and retrogaming (rezet80.blogspot.com)
